The ancient city line needs to put inventory and channels
All sold to overseas buyers
Meet at warehouse 19 tomorrow afternoon
Hahahaha
Do you know him?
Is it storage wind?
Yukio Furucheng met in prison
But this kid has a bit of a track
Furucheng had suspected him of being an undercover agent before
It's not that simple
This kid is Long Xiaoyun's fiancé
Total awe rate of men
Long Xiaoyun can't go
What do you want me to do?
Report to Yukio Gucheng
Let him kill him
Get rid of them now
Undercover missions will be in vain
But don't hurry up
I'm in danger
We can't be sure if it's undercover or not
If Gucheng Xiong goes to trade tomorrow
If he was undercover
Then Long Xiaoyun will definitely make a move
At that time, we will sit on the mountain and watch the tiger fight
Take advantage of the power of the fisherman
What if he wasn't an undercover agent?
Then bring him and Furucheng's head to me
Hahahaha
Ah!
Do you understand?